README.md, before:

## dm-Vibrato

A mono vibrato effect written in Rust.

The effect can be compiled to a [MOD audio](https://mod.audio/), VST3 or CLAP plugin.

## Table of contents:

- [VST3 and CLAP installation](#VST3-and-CLAP-installation)
- [MOD installation](#MOD-installation)
- [Copyright notices](#Copyright-notices)

## VST3 and CLAP installation

You can download the VST3 and CLAP plugins for Linux, Windows and macOS from the [releases page](https://github.com/davemollen/dm-Vibrato/releases).

On macOS you may need to [disable Gatekeeper](https://disable-gatekeeper.github.io/) as Apple has recently made it more difficult to run unsigned code on macOS.

If you want to build the plugin on your own machine check out the [nih-plug repository](https://github.com/robbert-vdh/nih-plug) for instructions.

## MOD installation

Install the plugin from the MOD Audio plugin store.

The latest MOD builds can also be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/davemollen/dm-Vibrato/releases).

If you want to build the plugin on your own machine check out the [mod-plugin-builder repository](https://github.com/moddevices/mod-plugin-builder) for instructions.

## Copyright notices

VST is a trademark of Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH, registered in Europe and other countries.

<img src="https://steinbergmedia.github.io/vst3_dev_portal/resources/licensing_6.png" width="60" height="auto" alt="VST trademark">

Commit message:

Add mod desktop builds to pipeline

README.md, after:

## dm-Vibrato

A mono vibrato effect written in Rust.

The effect can be compiled to a [MOD audio](https://mod.audio/), VST3 or CLAP plugin.

## Table of contents:

- [VST3 and CLAP installation](#VST3-and-CLAP-installation)
- [MOD installation](#MOD-installation)
- [MOD Desktop installation](#MOD-Desktop-installation)
- [Copyright notices](#Copyright-notices)

## VST3 and CLAP installation

You can download the VST3 and CLAP plugins for Linux, Windows and macOS from the [releases page](https://github.com/davemollen/dm-Vibrato/releases).

On macOS you may need to [disable Gatekeeper](https://disable-gatekeeper.github.io/) as Apple has recently made it more difficult to run unsigned code on macOS.

If you want to build the plugin on your own machine check out the [nih-plug repository](https://github.com/robbert-vdh/nih-plug) for instructions.

## MOD installation

Install the plugin from the MOD Audio plugin store.

The latest MOD builds can also be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/davemollen/dm-Vibrato/releases).

If you want to build the plugin on your own machine check out the [mod-plugin-builder repository](https://github.com/moddevices/mod-plugin-builder) for instructions.

## MOD Desktop installation

You can download the MOD Desktop lv2 plugin for Linux, Windows and macOS from the [releases page](https://github.com/davemollen/dm-Vibrato/releases). You can use the plugin in other lv2 hosts too, but you'll only have a GUI on MOD Desktop.

## Copyright notices

VST is a trademark of Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH, registered in Europe and other countries.

<img src="https://steinbergmedia.github.io/vst3_dev_portal/resources/licensing_6.png" width="60" height="auto" alt="VST trademark">
